Add some new issue templates to get us started (#16)
upbound/upbound: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

name: Feature Request

> description: New features and enhancement ideas for the Upbound product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: New feature or enhancement ideas for the Upbound product.
```

labels: enhancement

> title: "<component name>: <feature overview>"

Reviewer: Do we need the <component name> in the title since we have the product-area dropdown? We could automatically label issues based on the value selected.

Author: Doing that automatically would be awesome!
